content/en/blog: Add shadow stack gsoc blog post (#79)
unikraft/docs: content/en/blog/2022-07-05-unikraft-gsoc-shadow-stack.md

Following the same idea, researching the implementation for `kasan` further pointed out the need of perfectly understanding the layout of `ukboot` as I will have to modify the library by adding some constructors that will make possible the initialization of the `x18` register.

At this point, compiling any program with the Shadow Call Stack support provided by the compiler (`clang`) is not possible, until providing a runtime, and this represents one important milestone.

## Progress

One significant step forward was finding a mean of compiling Unikraft AArch64 apps using clang, as a straightforward solution wasn't documented. Taking advice from the comunity really facilitated the process. 

LLVM's `clang` takes a big role in my project as previous work and research regarding Shadow Stacks was and still is mainly covered by it.

What's more, future work revolves around firstly, porting the `clang's` Shadow Call Stack by coming up with a constructor that'll use inline asm to initialize the `x18` register and secondly, perfectly alligning the Shadow Stack implementation to Unikraft.

## Interesting findings

> The solution to the cross-compilation issue provided by the comunity was really important to my reasearch work. For future integration of this quick fix, check [this gist](https://gist.github.com/mariasfiraiala/6e5d5ad67952c46b79cb12b9875a7241).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The solution to the cross-compilation issue provided by the community was really important to my investigation work.
For future integration of this quick fix, check [this gist](https://gist.github.com/mariasfiraiala/6e5d5ad67952c46b79cb12b9875a7241).
```
